When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

When we want to make our work accessible to public, when we want to collaborate with others on a project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
We might only want to pull selective files or pull to a different branch than on remote, in which case manual pull 
gives us more control.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Fork: It is a copy of a repository. Forking a repository allows you to experiment with changes without affecting the original project.

Forks are used to either propose changes to someone else's project or to use someone else's project as a starting point for your own idea

Clone : It is a copy of a remote repository onto your local computer and allows you to sync projects between the locations.

Branch : When you create a branch in your project, you're creating an environment where you can try out new ideas. Changes you make on 
a branch won't affect the master branch, so you can try out new features and your branch won't be merged until it's ready.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

Whenever any changes are made to the remote repository, having a copy of the last known state of the remote locally can help us
to figure out if the local and remote are in sync by running git status.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

We would use emails or in-person meetings to collaborate without Git or Github. Using Github would be easier as data can be kept in sync
between local and remote repository  with ease. Branches can be used to work on different features without affecting the master and then
merged in when ready. Pull requests can be used to get feedbacks.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

When a change is some experimental code that you want to try or a new feature you want to add to the original but it is still
in development phase and you want your master to keep working without breaking because of the changes, branch is a good option.
Advantage is your master remains unchanged and visible to the public while you can work on perfecting the changes. Disadvantage is
it makes the process of collaborating while keeping everything in sync multi stepped and more complicated. 